Updated deprecated link in common-sso-google.rst (#4861)
mattermost/docs: source/onboard/common-sso-google.rst

Migrating from OAuth 2.0 to OpenID Connect
------------------------------------------

> OAuth 2.0 is being deprecated and replaced by OpenID Connect. Refer to the product documentation to `convert your existing OAuth service provider configuration <https://docs.mattermost.com/onboard/cloud-converting-oauth-2.0-to-openid-connect.html>`__ for Google Apps to the OpenID Connect standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OAuth 2.0 is being deprecated and replaced by OpenID Connect. Refer to the product documentation to `convert your existing OAuth service provider configuration <https://docs.mattermost.com/onboard/convert-oauth20-service-providers-to-openidconnect.html>`__ for Google Apps to the OpenID Connect standard.
```

Reviewer: I've provided an updated URL.
